docs(cocoa): Update SDK skill guidance (#132)
getsentry/sentry-for-ai: skills/sentry-cocoa-sdk/SKILL.md

## Invoke This Skill When

- User asks to "add Sentry to iOS/macOS/tvOS" or "set up Sentry" in an Apple app
- User wants error monitoring, tracing, profiling, session replay, or logging in Swift/ObjC, or metrics in Swift
- User mentions `sentry-cocoa`, `SentrySDK`, or the Apple/iOS Sentry SDK
- User wants to monitor crashes, app hangs, watchdog terminations, or performance

> **Note:** SDK versions and APIs below reflect sentry-cocoa 9.13.0.

> > Before implementing, verify against the [Apple SDK docs](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-docs/tree/master/docs/platforms/apple), [sentry-cocoa changelog](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cocoa/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md), and [sentry-cocoa source](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cocoa). Release notes may be ahead of docs for newly changed behavior.

Author: ```suggestion
> Before implementing, verify against the [Apple SDK docs](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/apple/), [sentry-cocoa changelog](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cocoa/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md), and [sentry-cocoa source](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cocoa). Release notes may be ahead of docs for newly changed behavior.
```
